Patricia soon settled in and could at last enjoy being back in the country she loved and she wasn't going to get lonely.
High pressure is trying to nose down from Scandinavia, keeping the mild air at bay, keeping the weather fronts at bay.
Seems the force that had me exiled from the court has lost its power and Edward is a man again.
You have to enjoy being scared, because it's that exciting, particularly when the sea is really big, you're trying to ride the waves, and if you get it wrong, the wave breaks over you.
Lush lawns are being turned into car parks and gardens just like mine are having blocks of flats built on them.
The first time I brushed against one, it was insidious, clingy material and it took about five minutes to cut myself free.
At the hospital, Jim was immediately rushed into theatre where surgeons could explain how his scalp was so easily skinned.
I tried to throw myself from the fiftieth floor up.
The venue cost a little bit more here, cos it is more upmarket, which is where I want to be really.
Jeff needs to be sensitive and diplomatic so it's really interesting for me to see how he handles it.
Now you have to listen and observe what she's saying, because I'm going to ask, say, I'm going to ask Judith to tell me a little bit about Joyce.
I think this could be a brilliant idea, because now that Formula One racing doesn't really happen, if the drivers feel the need to come and have a go on a track, they can land their jets there.
The trade, sir, which I hope I may use with a safe conscience, which is indeed, sir, a mender of bad soles.
I came back to North Yorkshire because this is just absolutely beautiful and it's home to me.
When Arthur Ransome wrote it, he was trying to recreate an idealised version of his own childhood.
Employers are usually more interested in whether you have artistic ability and enthusiasm rather than formal qualifications.
They've got to engage the Persians - the Persian cavalry are in the wings.
I'm not afraid of a libel suit, because I'm a lawyer myself.
and a very high mortgage, there's a lot of money coming into this house.
Snakes are usually timid and will move away from noise and vibration.
Probably the tougher issue for us has been that for many of those workers we provide health care, and when they were working, we accrued certain amounts but the health care costs now have gone up at a much faster rate than was expected and the retirees live longer which is good for them and good for us individually but the cost to us of providing that health care is quite a burden.
This is a very unusual sight.
I'll let the two of you do that on your own and we'll meet up later and see what you think.
Can you sort me out an Operation Takeaway?
It'll be hard for people like me or Leroy Burrell to get in the race.
We need to dig up a bit more history ourselves, though, and as luck would have it, I use my artistic sensitivities to track down our next item.
Kind of defeats the objective of camping, but better safe than sorry.
The Government army, in the military bases it still holds, is resisting strongly.
Make sure you grab Jordan as well, please.
Ten minutes in the wok, a quick pasta with fresh herbs, really nutritious... and it's a lot more flavoursome than some of that pre-packaged stuff you've been using.
The Victorian poor used to forage for them and eat them pickled!
Today, however, she'll be competing with fourteen other established traders and with the inclement weather, the pressure is on, and I've just spotted her main opposition.
For you personally, you once described this to me as one of the most wonderful views in the world, how do you feel now saying goodbye to all this?
Some people, however, pay a lot more, thinking it's nineteenth century, which, obviously, you didn't do.
So Jan leaves it there, but thinks the time is now right to call in a professional to help deal with the situation.
You didn't need as many dogs on the return journey as you did on the way out because, of course, the trick of the journey is to depot the food that you're going to need on the way back so that you can travel very light and fast on the way back and just pick up a the food.
Say to somebody Rome, and they'll assume either rightly or wrongly that we are the inheritance of the Roman culture - they probably know Caesar came here or somebody came here and they think somehow, Rome determined our destiny for the next two thousand years.
My gosh, I can't close my fingers properly now.
I started this trip with so many questions and gradually she's telling me her story and I'm beginning to understand what happened to her.
Gosh, it's a lot when you actually put it into those terms.
We just felt that there were some things we couldn't just throw away that could be valuable to other people and give them as much happiness as they gave her.
I test my theory by placing two ads in a lonely hearts column, one as a ginger and one not.
Then just put everything else in - chopped gherkins... And then the mustard - just a teaspoon of Dijon mustard.
And what we have to do is to have a much more civilised and open debate about how our industry can be regulated in such a way that we can provide the reassurance that these risks are just part and parcel of the way we live today.
I thought it was some famous yachtsman or woman, then I realised that they could sail their boat IN that pool because it was big enough!
Congratulations, Shane, you're now our prime suspect in the murder of Danny Tyler.
For example, a woman who had been in the Mersey blitz, and wrote a diary that still survives, said, At last, the middle and upper class evacuees, people who bought their way into quarters in places such as Bath, have finally seen what air raids are like.
Put your ultra-violet lamp on it as you would do in a police station.
Now, when you submit these drawings, you must take into effect building regulations, where you're going to run your new cables, your new piping, heating or ventilation.
You can cement over and give yourself tablets to ease it, but there's always something that seems to be adrift somehow, an empty feeling that you're unable to fulfil.
The barge is gonna land, you know you're gonna die... Then a guy starts singing... softly.
Gosh, it is absolutely crammed with stuff, your house.
So it's smiles all round as the silver kettle It was like being at the racecourse and your horse going there.
I've taken the larger parts of my red pepper and I've blitzed out, with a bit of water, I'm gonna make an essence of red pepper.
When the ambulance crew arrived, they knew they'd need more than their medical skills to help Kerry.
Some of them are here permanently the year round, the ones that breed take off normally in November to early January.
Recently, that anger has moved away from British issues to the international political scene.
It'll be like the jacket - it'll grow on me.
But the influx of Irish travellers since two thousand one has doubled the size of the site and angered locals.
There will always be a level of carnage, regardless of legislation.
Firescreens shielded people from the heat given off by open fires that were used to heat large rooms.
As the year ends, they wait anxiously for news on what their quotas will be in the months ahead.
Yeah, they're Bohemian... Shame they're not by Webb... No name on the bottom, no.
It'll cheer everyone up - a party.
When we're having showers, obnoxious boys may come in...
I'm a middle child too, Birmingham, I understand.
Northern Ireland looking OK as well, again, the odd shower, eleven degrees.
High up, where it's cold, water vapour condenses reappearing as clouds.
But... these marvellous sounds came out of it.
As Jane's folding in her egg whites to her melted chocolate mixture, I give Cath a little hand by lining her tray with some greaseproof paper.
It's just really cosmetic things, dressing the house a bit more to suit my kind of style.
Once mated, the female takes over the burrow and remains there for two weeks incubating her eggs in a specialised pouch.
He must have had some kind of personality change when he came here.
I've got to detach from my main line and go over to Theo and reattach to his line, and then allow my colleagues to lower me down with Theo.
My grandmother went in to buy her engagement ring and she happened to be the one thousandth or ten thousandth customer and she was given a choice of anything in the shop.
I hope you enjoyed those previously unseen moments from this year's series, and indeed the fascinating story of Greenwich, time and navigation.
I can't do the drawing, I'm not even gonna try, It's a waste of time.
As my mother used to say, life's too short to stuff a mushroom, and it all goes down the same hole.
The plates weren't all drawn by one particular artist.
The young are left for hours on these sea stacks as their parents make long fishing trips far offshore.
Just hours later, after a flurry of acrimonious e-mails...
We were missing it because there was no reason for the Shah of Iran to be in as much trouble as he was.
It is going to address a range of issues that are of concern to us as the independent prosecutor, and to the Muslim community, including prosecution of religiously and racially aggravated crimes, and the potential backlash in light of the current terrorist threat.
Do I think that changing the psychological variables on the positive side of life in a nation like Scotland could have a noticeable effect on the economy and a noticeable effect on health?
There's Desire De Lille which is near the shopping street, also Anton Van Dyke, near the cathedral, and there you can have all the creamy and fruity trimmings.
The energy... Let this be a powerful night that changes lives, Lord.
Then we have this fantastic, aesthetic type creature perched on the side of it, which is so Alice In Wonderland.
I was writing a very personal note to my then girlfriend in the class, and the teacher did that thing of saying, what are you doing?
When I say drunk, he wasn't unruly drunk, he'd just had too much to drink and he came up to my taxi at London Bridge and the girl who was paying me off was rather long-winded... Yeah?
To really bring the message home, we confront them with their biggest indulgences of the year.
She reveals to the marks that the vase is a special gift she's bought for her mum.
She's very fun, very lively, but she can also be a control freak of the biggest order as well so sometimes you just go, Yeah, OK, OK, nod along, say yes, um, and other times you have a great laugh.
So I thought it'd be a good idea to see the good and bad cars we've driven while we've been off air.
Although Christine's situation seems pretty dismal, given her optimism and determination, I'm certain she'll pull herself back from the brink.
Um, but I think it could have made a bit more.
Um... A herb-y omelette, filled with, um... potatoes and the bacon served with a basil sauce.
Paul seems full of optimism, but as Shane arrives, I'm to find out whether we'll be selling that fabulous gothic altarpiece.
The tenants chewed it over and most ticked the yes box, voting for Glasgow Housing Association to take over their homes from March this year.
This was why the risk was taken with Imogen to breed her because every animal we get out of this particular group, this herd, are important to Rothschild in general.
And now some more Connoisseur questions, and Sharon begins... She has first crack at it, but the others can come in.
We feel that looking at how she is today, putting her into an ambulance and moving her might cause her more distress, not make things better.
The seaweed is lovely too, but I suppose what I'm questioning is the appropriateness of the oysters and the seaweed for this occasion.
But he's a top chef so I'm sure he knows what he's talking about.
If he's as contaminated as his mate, the oil will have damaged his buoyancy, too.
Off the hallway is the first reception room with French doors to the garden, and off that is a big boy's playroom.
Can you move your arms and legs?
That stuff, we'll boil and mash and that's gonna be the topping for our... cottage pie.
Hours and hours clutched in your arms.
She's come across this rolled gold Swiss pocket watch And I find this fabulous set of highly collectible Victorian silk postcards, Just at the end of our rummage, Paul spots two examples of a rare species.
The previous owner hadn't told Jamie that he'd sold the land, so she feared her horses were about to be driven out of town.
When Jordan ignored Israel's warning, and joined Egypt and Syria by shelling Jerusalem, the Israeli army conquered Jerusalem's old city and Jordan's West Bank, all in just six days.
Good dogs like Ernie or naughty ones like Nye, Attlee had a rare skill at keeping them in the kennel.
The very second I open my eyes each morning, I consider the infinite variables of chaos that can occur during a working day, because I like to be one step ahead.
Well, I can only tell you what I've been told, my eye isn't that good, but the contrast isn't sharp enough and look, the edges are wrinkled, some of them have bends or creases in them, so that they couldn't be sold.
I was put off when I first came round - they start looking for you and you feel you'd better not touch them or take what they offer.
Sound as a pound, I've just... you know that Mr Chalk, Joseph Maurice Chalk?
It's a national library and you are an ant.
And I'm sure I've got plenty of chores for you.
They are both from the English New School of sculptors.
Plastic bags full of Woolworth's china, in this dream that they'll end up with an expert who'll look at their chamber pot and say, That's worth five grand.
Pauline's been roaming the square all the way through two thousand six like a fractious Taliban mullah, decreeing who can see their children, who can marry who, who needs to put a coat on because it's cold, what time everybody can have their tea at.
I'm not sure I really get the sense that she's yet... taken her spending problems very seriously.
Well, obviously, they feel that they want to fulfil their duty of supporting their brethren physically, and if there are Muslims are being killed, if the land is being occupied, surely that is the right of every person to defend his life, his property, his honour, his brothers and sisters.
Better to be a big, cheery pig oinking out some glorious bum thunder than to be a human reading some boring Shakespeare.
Say, Actually, I really like what I'm seeing there but I wasn't looking to spend more than the low four hundreds.
Unrelaxed, grumpy, grouchy, fed up that my bed when you move goes, Boing!
A small concave depression appeared on his forehead.
Whenever I read your books, I always hope that I can recognise the people - I suspect you put us all in in one form or another!
Points are awarded or deducted depending on how many faults occur along the way.
Today, after months of preparation, an hourly air service starts between New York, Philadelphia and Washington something new in air transportation.
Now it's time to tell the Lamberts how much they've reduced their waste by during the first week of their regime.
Today, after three weeks of intensive training in the African bush, Jeremy and Brooke will find out which one has done enough to make it through to Safari School's final week.
So ideal for those crops that need to produce something quickly - tomatoes, peppers, aubergine.
What amazes me is at football times when all these young men come out and they look at all these pornographic pictures and they are drinking and having a marvellous time.
I've got to try and make him look a lot tougher than he actually is, because he's supposed to be friends of a girl who's in a young offenders' institution, accused of murdering one of their other friends.
But there are other Lotus, both new and old that DO wet my appetite.
My mum and dad used to take me on holiday, and at the airport I'd see the big aeroplanes.
Really quite a difficult rush hour underneath this area of rain as it slowly moves eastward throughout the day.
Six months ago their property was wrecked by a flood.
Second on the list of open day priorities are the teas and plant sales, but with only Sarah working in the garden, how is she managing?
This is carrying bigger ears than this variety, and so this is one of the things plant breeding did for us.
You guys share make-up, share perfume, but this is one kind of eau de toilette you don't want splashed all over your face.
A great thing about modern houses is they've usually been more thoughtfully designed so you've got nice wide staircases, nice wide landings, which makes it easier when dealing with children.
The wonderful draughtsmanship, the deep perspective, the beautiful colours, and even the strange ideas.
I thought for a second there he said desserts with chickens in!
But could it be more, and what's the place worth now the damp problems have been fixed?
Hi, I'm Ruth, nice to meet you, how are you doing?
To say we're not going to apportion any blame to what you've done is madness.
Tell me why I should put you through to the next round?
The Porsche can't match that in this weather.
So replace it with a combination boiler, get this out of here, replace those floorboards and thankfully, your problems should be solved.
Here he started to teach the Koran and from time to time, he would retreat to pray inside a cave, which is now enshrined in this mosque.
Perceived as dangerous rebels by the government, thousands were thrown out of the Church and barred from the universities of Oxford and Cambridge.
I know we've removed a lot of her shrubs - but there's loads of bulbs under here to come up.
Some high street chains spend millions teaching their staff how to sell specifically to their shoppers.
But it would be decorative because you don't have an original movement.
So she's got photos of where she was, some verses I see.
No... No, I think in the last five, ten years only, all very recently, zoos have been able to bring themselves together and to a network that works closely together, and decide how to breed some very, very endangered, very rare species.
So anything he does to help an individual - be it a player or another member of staff, and vice versa anything we can do to help him - makes the club that little bit more better or improve, the chances of us getting promotion are better and the chance of keeping everyone's jobs will be better.
Everything takes its inspiration from the haute couture, which is a showcase for everything that I can do.
When you're doing the tour if you need any help, if you want to talk.
Where we are hatching them under controlled conditions, we are replicating that, using the glue as a silk and thread and putting them in an emerging cage in a safe environment.
All I ever want is for you to trust the decisions that I make are right for me.
The father of Aunt Polly had three paintings commissioned, one for himself, one for his wife, and one for the eldest daughter.
John and Laura said they didn't mind not having huge rooms, and this isn't big by any stretch... Room to put a settee and two armchairs.
We start off with a mirror - expect to pay seven quid or so, On top, I'm using this oasis ring.
On Team One, we have Gilly, who's a real globetrotter and has dragged her family bargain spotting from Camden to Croatia.
Datum lines are a tried and tested method of ensuring accuracy.
So with a group like this, where they're saying, I would like to come on Monday eleventh July, if Monday is not appropriate, what would your response be to one like this?
And although it's late at night, there are people like me dotted along the river banks, anxiously watching, anxiously waiting to see an incredible natural spectacle.
An English ship transporting seven thousand tons of cargo, mainly materials for railways, she sank on nineteenth July nineteen oh one.
Having received no cash, she'd now sold it to someone else.
I'd have all carpet coming down the walls in pink fluff, and all... You're mad!
He says, When I make home-made burgers, they never seem to bind when I cook them and always crumble - what am I doing wrong?
So with each generation, the concentration increases towards a damaging threshold, a biological threat far greater than any harpoon.
The precipices at the sharp escarpment are towards the north, by which red sandstone forms the mountains east and west of the van, skirting the limestone that hold the coal measures of South Wales.
Wherever I go, I bring something back which just gives me a memory, even if it's a clog from Holland...
And I would say to Jackie, Look after Andrew, right.
I mean, if you think... it takes three thousand, three hundred images to find a single supernova, amateurs can use relatively inexpensive telescopes to search a large number of galaxies.
Less than a year after the King David disaster, a chain of attacks and killings began which contributed to the final unravelling of British power in Palestine.
Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death.
But, like the Pacific islanders, people here aren't reassured.
Where on earth did these come from?
But with Ken it was like, he knows what you're doing and all the time he'd say, You don't have to do this for me you know, and it was just really sad cos like...
They're on their way into the desert and Jane's receiving concerned texts from home.
One simple conversation with Carol can kind of really make me miserable if it goes wrong, or if I fancy that there's something or I pick up some sort of vibe.
You are being very polite about all this but I'm not sure it's really grabbing you somehow.
We still need the rest of our items to cause a bit of a splash.
That might look like the most pathetic thing you've seen, but heel that in, give it a good water.
If the medic's diagnosis is confirmed, then we don't have the equipment to treat Ashley here and she won't be able to continue the trek.
Carl and the girls arrived to check things out.
When we got out there on the day and she was sedated, it turned out to be, you know, a bigger lump than we'd expected.
Does she produce shows around the world?
So our impression is that by tonight, there'll be five left.
Although our fascination nearly proved fatal for some orchids, it has now given many a second chance.
My mom took me over to a record shop and she said, You can play records inside little booths to see if you wanna buy 'em.
He stood in the cottage yelping...
Even if he can dodge the supertankers... avoid the poisonous jellyfish... handle the seasickness, and endure the extreme cold, he'll still have piles of French and English poo to swim through.
We challenge you to put the toothpaste in the tube!
And the best fish had a habit of swimming just out of reach - constantly tempting the bears to follow them out towards the sea.
We were one point five hundredths out of qualification in sixth place, compared with the Mazda.
But if he stopped doing just a few really annoying things indoors, our life would be perfect.
I'm enjoying this one because the first words were butch, wide, muscular, big and bold!
There's probably a collection of individuals who are happy to try to organise the travel of others.
There's a flavouring element, with herbs, and lemon zest, and there's the curing element.
The company have sixty trainees, and can have up to thirty blue training buses on the road at any one time.
The new definition may not have the royal seal of approval but back in two thousand four, when a certain celebrity footballer got caught with his trousers down in a car park in Staffordshire, a new meaning for dogging entered the common language.
They look very much like betting slips, don't you think?
I don't think there was much left in that car at that speed, was there?
But the citizens weren't exactly interested in fighting, so they'd got into the habit of employing mercenary companies to do their fighting for them.
Well, I think if you look at things like we talked about the price of gas, the historical set-up, people are more dispersed here, because of our broad geography, they tend to commute and drive more.
I don't think you'd get a double bed in there, or if you did, you wouldn't be able to have any wardrobes, but it's really dark.
You have reached Touching Hands And Shoulder Rubs By Cairn.
When I look back on that schoolhouse door situation, I think indulging Wallace into this play-acting sent the wrong message, gave encouragement to the wrong forces, and set off a chain of things down there, which disgraced this state for a long time to come.
They were unpacking for us, which was very helpful.
He's OK. As well as the headline grabbers, we were uncovering more fugitives as we infiltrated the expat community.
So that's it from House And Garden Invaders.
Two courses down, but there are still two more for Matthew and Oliver to disagree about.
It was a life of extraordinary rigour and privation.
Since I've been off the drugs, that's why I have days when I'm up and days when I'm down.
Yes, Heathrow, the biggest airport in the country, no, Europe, is just fifteen miles away, so despite that close proximity to the Thames, you're more likely to see planes than boats.
Usually they would have banned words like prat and tits and titties, but there are occasions where they just sneak through.
We were the first real generation of South Asian Americans.
And it's like being in a south-east Asian jungle, it's just beautiful.
There are people crying out there.
She had this look in her eyes, like Where did we go wrong?
The real star of the autumn garden is the sub-tropical border with its fabulous architectural foliage in wonderful colours.
It's certainly something Olga needs to keep her eye on.
Patients came to see Freud because they were nervous, anxious or depressed.
We already know that being stressed or living in difficult circumstances produces physical and biochemical changes in the body that will affect the cardiovascular system and make people more vulnerable to coronary heart disease.
Well, I work in here a lot, I love my computer... but I destroyed my desk... What happened to it?
With Gemma staying put at Mum and Dad's, they're keen to know if their investment will appeal to potential tenants or buyers so our local experts have arrived to cast a professional eye over the house.
I'm sure the original colours must be marvellous.
I think the time that I bought it was, um, August, the time of new university term come up to September, loads of people coming into London looking for accommodation.
They've copied it so exactly, with all the fluting on the spout, you've got a knob which would have been carved in ivory or box wood on the silver one.
That August, he and his friends invited Indians and Pakistanis to visit Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
It'll be nice not to have to sit in the bath and find a pirate ship wedged where pirate ships shouldn't go.
A little rice instead of potato, normally roux for thickening, often use root vegetables or potato.
I'm just saying I can understand it from both sides.
If they're happy with the valuation and want to flog their item, then it's off to the auction room in Cirencester, where we'll Flog It!
We are going along with two of them - Julia and Patrick - as they undergo tests to explore their background for clues.
All the time I keep getting the auction brochure, I shall keep an eye out for any future opportunities, really.
But although Roosevelt - like the Nazis - was trying to organise society in a different way, unlike the Nazis, he believed that people were rational and could be trusted to take an active part in government.
This is me, drawn by our final contributor, who obviously thinks I'm full of hot air.
If you weren't here, I'd have to do all this on my own.
Welcome to a time of year that's supposed to be full of good cheer.
There's a halfway house They sometimes come in here I was extremely prosperous You don't look prosperous now I'm not - Not now I don't think I like it - You're drawing me into conversation I like to sit here quietly with my thoughts I read a newspaper to avoid being drawn into conversation I like to sit here, prosaic, dull, read my newspaper and... compose letters to the editor Do you send them?
It is in fact a mania, or somebody that is deluded, but cheerful.
This can take from six months up to two years.
Most agents - well, all agents - would be very happy if most people were like that, really, because, you know, time is so precious to everyone.
At it's height, Wales was producing nearly five hundred thousand tonnes of slate a year, four fifths of all British slate.
They've come from North America, from damp meadows, so they're great for fairly damp areas like here around the pond, or in a normal border because the rich soil will give them enough moisture.
First of all we went to Ireland and the first night was spent on a very rough boat crossing the Irish Sea.
Sure enough, by the middle of the week - OK, they didn't say it was because of the moustache, but it was as inadequate as his investigation, which has been front page news for the last five months.
If you care for me at all, you would ignore it.
There's something undoubtedly comic about a man with a large net.
They must have come out of an important house, a good library.
Nothing sums up the English pastoral landscape better than sheep grazing in lush water meadows.
Watching the woman in charge of the Games being grilled about the growing cost of running round a track very fast, the papers' sketch writers were not impressed.
Either keep going for success, or, even more important, keep going to keep alive.
What we're doing here is setting up a demonstration unit to show Romanian farmers how they can get a better standard of living but at the same time preserve the natural biodiversity and beauty of the environment.
It was made in Germany, we don't know the maker, but it's in brilliant condition - there's no damage, no re-painting, everything is here.
What you would do, you would stand in front of an oil lamp, the reflection would be put through a lens and on to a screen.
In Hungary we had our own Nazis, but they were much shabbier than the Germans.
This is the noisiest five minutes Louis's had since he's been born.
David picked this house up for only one hundred twenty thousand which was the bottom of the guide price so he could be onto something very good here.
Under pressure from Khrushchev, the West was moving towards a summit.
If we act wisely, and with vision, we can look back to all this turmoil as the birth pangs of a more creative and better system.
Before moving house, the Walsh children shared a bedroom.
This is a big mould of rice and the rice I'm going to flavour with vinegar and sugar and rice.
I get up at half past seven.
If I got in trouble, they'd help me, or whatever.
Now with investors going property mad, it is hard to find un-modernised properties that you can put your own stamp on.
That'll keep my feet hot for the day, I think.
I have to ask you first, do you like cook... growing your own vegetables and all that?
that is, after what you were saying, if... Well, if, say, I were a man of means and if I could support you, in your acting?
The house is spacious and they could consider lift access from the garage to the upstairs workroom, too.
And marches that he wrote were adopted here by our army.
I did think of contacting the council to see if I could get rights to have tables and chairs here and maybe have a tea shop there, in the summer.
Hold hands to form a human chain and swim to the surface.
A sarcastic, gritty humour that's probably not always appropriate, but it's the way that people deal with things, I think.
The sense of community and warmth and getting along with things, of eking out a living, because that's what you did, until the camp itself has become your own special place and you make it a place of belonging.
Can I turn you off for four hours and spend it with her hologram?
I wanted to go with her and she wouldn't let me.
Our motto is - try and reuse what you already have before buying new.
But rumours persist that more controversial ingredients have ended up in a barrel.
No-one knows why, but every year at this time, the fish gather in the deepest parts of the river.
I've come up with an adaptation of a real classic which everyone can identify with - strawberry shortcake.
I think she's beautiful, she's commercial - a few things need to be tweaked but it's not the end of the world.
It needs a wash. Gravel often comes mucky.
Tomorrow our rival chefs fight it out again over the desserts and it's their last chance to get things right before facing the judges on Friday.
The kitchen's functional, but the beauty lurking in here has to be realised.
For flowers without fuss, grow shrub roses - no feeding, no pruning, and look at the results!
Right, boys and girls, we're halfway through.
People don't like to... you know, form close relationships, and they're nervous of each other, and if they are in contact, they've got little antennas, southerners.
When you're used to being in a little shop with two little lines of shelving.
We're talking about a thin piece of pasta, stuffed with tuna and vegetables, topped with a raw egg.
Flamingos will come out here and breed, but the normal animals would not be able to take in this water.
When I was twelve, she was my age now.
I'm clear that if the party swings to the right more violently, if we start to be even more elderly, angry and intolerant than we appeared at the last general election, then people will find something better to do with their lives.
We'll be back later in the programme to see how Andy and Claire have got on and if they've found a way to use those spaces underneath this timber, upside-down house.
With so many pairs of watchful eyes, there's little chance of the eagle approaching unseen.
So, you need about a sixth, don't go weighing it, of the crab mixture.
Compromise is certainly a good way to keep relationships on track, but not always the best approach to property developing.
Maybe they're just fun people who do mad things.
Simon Calder is on the final leg of his Gap Month around the globe - Morocco to Shoreham on Sea.
We're gonna go somewhere quiet and start a new manoeuvre today - left reverse around a corner.
They were dressing like that cos they thought it was fun and vibrant.
Paul came to work at Duncan's local practice less than a year ago, after graduating from vet school.
I have to say, Antony's got a much lighter version, perhaps, than me on this one.
The drumsticks made a very rich, very aromatic, ginger Thai broth, yeah?
They get an attractive lad to prey on impressionable, vulnerable young girls, and then keep them working to pay off an imagined debt.
And Tony made sure that he was the first person to arrive at the lunch venue, and of course, these things work.
I've got to say, Alex, I asked Brian whether he'd been in a choir, and he said yes, he was in his church choir.
We still believed in faster growth and many of us still thought it was attainable, but this particular path to it was no longer key, was no longer essential, and could no longer be relied upon.
It's supposed to be a friendly match, but even if it's not friendly, you don't do that, especially without any evidence.
In fact tube delays reached an all time high after five years of Labour.
I was terribly fearful and I'd never been scared about this trip before.
And two killers that decimated wildlife - the fox which, ironically, they brought to hunt, and the cat which became the feral cat.
But these two urbanites now feel it's time they really got together and in a changed environment.
This is a real fear for me, that I'm confirming their thoughts.
If you make it too early, that sponge, it'll go rock solid, so it needs to be done right at the last second.
Living on a croft, all our children, they see where things come from and where they end, like their food.
Hilda and Aileen, here we are at the house you're choosing to test drive, and let's just have a quick reminder whose choice this was.
Mummy, I want to play X-Box.
Fish is an excellent low fat food and can help to reduce your chances of both strokes and heart attacks.
All this can be glimpsed through the prism of Renaissance art.
That's OK. Hopefully I won't get in trouble!
In this case, this gentleman was born in the south of England, which is where we know that both of your brothers were born.
I can't imagine that this artist didn't paint more pictures.
I can't hear them cheering - maybe they haven't done it.
There must be fifty restaurants by the harbour here, all doing really good business on Bastille Day.
And therefore, you take more pride in yourself especially knowing that first appearance is an everlasting appearance.
It was a bit of a shock, especially as she'd been given the name Hamilton, which seems misleading, so we're all really surprised, I think.
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the Cheshire Forest, all I can say is how overwhelmed we are at the level of support we've got this morning.
It's important not to repeat tricks, as the judges don't like that.
Basically, he'd gone on the dive and had to sort of abort his dive just after he'd got into the water, because he really didn't think he'd be able to get down and then come back up... and still be alive, because his back just totally sort of went, or was too painful, and he didn't wanna risk... well, death, I suppose.
It's now owned by Jo and George Smith.
He got one element wrong, and found that what he had was this dark, oily sludge.
I mean, I come across as a very confident person, but underneath I'm quite unsure of myself, and for someone who, we don't even speak the same language, for her to have such faith in me, and just kept saying, You're a good girl, you're a good girl and wanting me to stay after such a short period of time, it really...
For a linguist, it's very tiresome having texts on coins and seals because they're just phrases, just names and epithets, and no complete sentence.
Because it's really speaks a lot of that darker wood, the old country cottage style, but without any of the head-banging that might bother you.
But you have to make sure that the soil is really rich, and it needs to fuel all this squidgy stuff.
It's a place of opportunity, of dirt, of crime, but it's the place where you see temples glimmering with glistening gold roofs and palaces such as no one's ever seen.
Some of them just say, Oh, I can't be bothered to do that so I just won't do it.
OK. OK. We've rigged the house with video cameras, so Domingo and Scott won't miss a single moment as the bailiff removes all Domingo's goods.
There's a bit of back-slapping and knowing glances, because they're engineers, they're craftsmen, they're pragmatic, not superstitious, and they know the clock would not stop because of someone dying.
Down there you'll find all the booze, burger bars and nightclubs you could wish for, but I'm going on an excursion to the local cabaret!
But supposing the Almighty had other designs and, having been born white, you met this beautiful Chinese girl, married her and had children.
Sometimes we had to go and do a surveillance on a restaurant, cos restaurants were given food to prepare and serve in the restaurant based on the numbers of customers they had, and some restaurants would inflate the numbers to get more food, which then they promptly sold on the black market.
Right, I'm gonna show you the dashboard now, but before I do, make sure you haven't got a mouthful of food.
A frustrated and misunderstood child not given due affection ends as a man without roots, in rebellion or bewilderment, almost embittered... From the mid...
It's a sociable, relaxed way of eating, one many of us would like to enjoy at home, and that's what this series is all about.
They got sold off before I got them.
And the clairvoyant assured me that the spirit of my child lived on.
People will die, just so that you can pay your debts off.
You can let the cow munch its way where thousands of creatures used to munch their very different ways, each being part of a rich diversity that now only makes wealth for the one human who happens to own this piece of forest turned into fields.
In his book Confessions of a Hoaxer, my dad likens what he does to a life game, an adventure in absurdity, an adult fairy tale in which he engages his audience emotionally and intellectually.
Band it off horizontally and vertically, then just remove your tape.
Jill and Peter could've been killed by something they couldn't see, hear, smell or even taste.
I just get ignored... And then, obviously when you're old enough, get yourself to college and learn the basics.
I reckon the King should please his self who he marries.
The refurbishments in this place make this house feel modern but it still has a traditional Spanish feel.
Sophie volunteers and seizes the chance to help out after feeling she's contributed nothing all day.
What do the residents make of their fictional neighbourhood Scrooge?
Whatever happens on Friday, I can walk away knowing I've influenced them, I've changed the way they're eating, and now, fundamentally, they can cook.
But it gets more complicated, because we are in a conservation area, so again that planning permission, to get it, you're going to have to jump through some serious hoops.
Seeing these animals in their natural environment, exhibiting their natural behaviour, will allow the keepers to increase their knowledge and care even better for the animals they keep back home.
When Elizabeth grew up, she married Prince Philip and had children of her own - Prince Charles and Princess Anne.
Intelligence, yesterday afternoon, gave us the address of her new house.
People do ask what these taste like, and a lot aren't worth growing.
But a cheetah's unique hunting style takes a lot of practice to perfect, and few are capable of independence before they're eighteen months old.
Called back hours later - there wasn't any answer.
Sorry, you've been out there ages.
At the tiger house, the builders have nearly finished their work.
Leaving home for the first time is a big step and although Gemma is finally gaining the independence she desires, Mum and Dad are there to lend a helping hand.
Now they are merely food for maggots.
Now that's not very convenient for four bedrooms, so I think I may well leave it as three big bedrooms, have a separate toilet, have a toilet in the bathroom, and it'll be very practical.
Then, thanks to their big engines, you could drive home like your trousers were on fire.
The legend says that it was not a Spartan who was king at the time of the Trojan War, but a foreigner - an outsider from the dynasty of Mycenae who had come here, so is it not possible that the rebuilding of the palace was by Menelaus himself in order to provide a new palace on an ancient site for his new wife?
And the idea is that I can chalk all my ideas up there, and thereby be reminded of them all day.
After stretching their legs in the fading light, they'll be washed, dried and put back to bed in this biggest of toy boxes, until their owner, or Norman and Paul, decide to wake them from their slumbers in another three months.
I've got a tiny manicure thing and I want to give her a manicure, put some clear varnish on her nails.
So gentle and yet so masterful question mark.
You both look extremely settled in here in the very grand grounds.
Actually, we're very careful about our meat, it's always organic.
We weren't allowed to eat Mars bars because they were sticky and sweet and bad for you, and I was bet by one of my fellow pupils there that I wouldn't break bounds, buy a couple of Mars bars and eat them.
I still won't be smoking, I still will be shopping in cheaper shops, I won't be buying as many beauty products or going to the beautician's as often and, most importantly, I'll have a debt consolidation loan and my outgoings will be cut in half on a monthly basis.
And things can happen on the loom then - different textures and... You're always experimenting and changing...
And with nothing coming in apart from his his wage, the remortgage of the family home is far from a foregone conclusion.
I think I stick with cheese because I have that memory of eating it from being a little girl, so I know that I can tolerate it and eat it and it won't make me sick or uncomfortable.
If people have an idea of a starting price and a bit of information, it'll go a long way.
Without reading it, she says, Tony's described it.
Alaska's a place I've always wanted to see, and I was worried it wouldn't live up to my expectation, but I'm delighted to say that it has - and it's surpassed it.
These I always give... if people want something in auction for charity - my old Christmas cards.
People come out late afternoon to grab the bargains and that's your audience.
He saved, in my estimation, dozens of lives.
I really enjoy getting involved in the activity sessions and encouraging the kids but I also enjoy getting involved, knowing I'm active and losing weight.
Ever the antiques dealer, John can't help having a snoop around the saleroom, and he's spotted something which has got him all fired up.
Even when I was creating the pictures, after a while, my brain would get completely tired, and like a computer, would shut off.
But, out of eight hundred applicants each year, only half will get through, and with such high standards of entry the assessment is ruthless.
The peregrines share this quiet end of the quarry with other birds and wild animals that are also normally associated with sea cliff terrain.
And it doesn't taste Chinese, it tastes Indonesian or something, it's beautiful, it's lovely.
It follows, I think, that the good things of this earth as far as possible, should be shared out amongst people, be it income, wealth, furniture, holidays, responsibilities.
Time Magazine sends a team of journalists up to New Hampshire to track down his friends - to fill in the gaps.
I'm really, really... proud of this school and everything that it stands for and the fact that you're all here and can share this moment with me.
The gardeners spend six months a year clearing up before visitors return in spring.
I would go as far as saying this has been life changing for me.
These are compost bags, but bin bags will do and they will stay in there, perfectly healthy.
It was during a brisk walk through London one lunchtime that Jackie suddenly found herself changing her life.
So she went to the school and had an argument with the headmaster and insisted that I was entered and he explained that you have to pay for each child that's entered, and that he was only planning to enter a few people and that I wasn't in that list.
For someone who bought the car from The Car Shop, so it would be safe and have a clean record, this is devastating.
My plan was to get back with Sharon and the kids, play happy families.
Well, September eleventh was a day that pretty much changed my life.
The radio message came through to say that a caravan had overturned and the motorway was partially blocked.
I'll bring this over to you to show you what is in there now... the packets of pheasant wrapped in cabbage, on top of their little bed of vegetables and bacon.
Its floor is studded with shafts that go down twelve, fourteen feet, down to the water table, where the worker termites can gather moist mud to carry on their building.
That weather front really doesn't know where to go through Friday, if anything it'll edge back Northwards again so after a dry start I think some rain returning to parts of Northern Ireland to the Northwest of England and Wales and eventually the Southwest of Scotland.
Benazir Bhutto returned from exile to be greeted by huge crowds who saw her as a symbol of resistance.
Among them will be two classic pieces of Victorian furniture.
While they're away, Rod and Val's daughter Libby will stay and look after their dog, Harry.
The same masterful execution, with a larger assortment of subjects.
I merely decided that I would ensure that over a period of time, the fines against the gentleman who allowed his dog to run round the neighbourhood all the time would eventually mount up to a point where he would decide that an alternative course of action was better.
If you'd like to find out more about the Marconi collection, And it's almost time to leave our first location, but I've given the teams another ten minutes to make the most of the bargains.
Frank and Gwen have had a great day and got to spend some quality time with one another.
My maiden name was Smith, so my brother, obviously, is still a Smith, and I had an aunt who also, although her maiden name was Smith, married a gentleman called Smith, so she was still Mrs Smith, and they were finding it very difficult to trace down the rest of the family.
And we saw Trevor's artistic flair.
When we moved out of our old house I was expecting to feel really sad, but I didn't really because once we'd taken all of our stuff out it didn't really feel like home and I have realised that home is the people who are in it and the things that are in it, not the actual house.
Someone living in Wales, but not Welsh - they're learning Welsh.
The position is important - this one is in a great position, it gets loads of sunlight and so all the fauna and flora are healthy, and those little fishy friends are fighting fit.
The Government referred to... that the protection of freedom of speech should require that campaigners should put balance in leaflet and put the response of McDonald's, for example.
She's not as affectionate as Nico is, cos he'll come over and chat to you, and she wouldn't, but she was gentle, and she was a character, so it was quite heartbreaking when she went.
We've only touched them once, and that was to check what sex they are and then immediately we brush them over with some dirty straw which has got mum's smell on just to try and get our smell off as quick as possible and it's basically seconds that we held them for.
I've been under hospital fertility treatment for eight years.
We went to a book store to find out whether some sorts of readers were more helpful than others, by dropping certain pens all over the store.
The family are here so shall we go and check if they're all right?
As Black Elk, the famous Sioux chieftain observed, It makes them crazy!
Then it's time for Amy to hand over her house keys.
He's always been determined to overcome the obstacles in his way, whether they're social ones or the ones created by his own body.
Ants are the desert staple - and for this dragon, breakfast, lunch and dinner.
The American Government, now fully engaged in a war with Hitler, would be haunted by actions not taken.
Doreen Holland and her husband, Tommy, have spent over thirty years dedicated to their garden.
So what are you hoping you will achieve from doing this project?
We know this from North Koreans who've made it to safety, not just the innocent victims of the regime, but now from one of those who was in charge.
The passion they shared for plants fed into and shaped their garden.
With Roger still dragging his heels, Dan decides to give him and the rest of the family some food for thought.
I've been told to keep my mouth shut behind the dogs, not to go at the front or the back... Why do you have to keep your mouth shut?
For smooth, round objects that are difficult to grasp, doctors sometimes pour a special glue into the nose.
How much of your money can we spend?
I'm just doing my job, but if you start saying to everybody Oh, my God, I'm really scared, then you're letting that fear come up.
For the first time, she's going through her on line statements, to see just how many transactions she has made to Graham.
From the kitchen you walk up a little herb bank, and then there's about sixty feet of grass land, and fruit bushes surrounded by trees, Oh!
By the time she's seen the consultant and sat in the waiting room for half an hour, she's so weak... and... so sort of gasping to get home, I just can't see how we're going to get her all the way to Kiev.
We know from early excavations, we're only looking at the top third, the rest is filled with material that's slumped in over the centuries.
The interesting thing about this voyage was, if you look at the bottom here, wherein an account is given of Mr Alexander Selkirk, his manner of living and taming wild beasts during the four years, four months he lived upon the uninhabited island of Juan Fernandez.
How well do churches in general convert into living accommodation?
While those simmer gently away, back round here, old bean!
Without thinking, I took the shell dressing off, threw it on the floor, picked up a sod of earth and shoved that where the shell dressing had been in his femur, creating a lot of pain, alarm.
He's the surviving male guy, the authority figure, and he wants to be the new General Field Marshall.
I get tangled up with the oven hidden around the corner of the wall.
I'd like Ernie to go and buy for me for my fifth wedding anniversary a brand new diamond engagement ring.
Um, how did you meet my Da?
As we travel around the world, we go through four seasons, six continents, through every time zone; across desert, rainforest and tundra, beneath the oceans and above the clouds, all on the same day - one dawn in the life of the world.
But it's spoilt by the aerial action both here and down the other end.
It brilliantly captured the child's cry for help and was just one of many powerful images from an incident which showed how low terrorism had stooped.
I'm heating up oil for the noodles.
We agreed there was very little to do in Charlotte's bedroom except replace the border, which she's already had a go at herself.
But in a couple of days, they'll be holding a wine and cheese party of their own.
The only thing you're entitled to - if you have absolutely no money and no way of feeding your children - is a food voucher.
They were ploughing up permanent pastures to produce grain and they wanted animals to produce lots of milk and beef, so the old traditional breeds that were mainly dual purpose, producing meat and milk or meat and wool, were no longer profitable, so farmers pushed them to one side to concentrate on producing food and some became rare and some extinct.
It looks great, but it's very simple to achieve.
We're assaulted on all sides by dire warnings from the food fascists about how chickens are kept in conditions as cramped as the London Underground, how cows are forced to eat their own brains, and burnt toast gives you cancer.
You walk in, friends walk in and go, Wow.
thirty seconds for exposure time gives you a nice vista of the sky and hopefully catches a meteor.
We felt we needed somewhere less formal to eat for breakfast and for lunches.
With a little thought and ingenuity, zoos can give their stars much more stimulating enclosures.
Can I conclude from that that Asians in Scotland are under pressure to show their loyalty to Scotland, which you do by wearing a kilt?
When I go to bed at night and all the excitement's over, that's when the sadness sort of kicks in and the kind of... kind of a longing, really, that... um... that I can't feel... You know, Jelly Baby's not getting ME up in the middle of the night to go to the toilet and kicking me... And I'm not feeling it move and... You just can't... You just don't have that general feeling of being pregnant which women talk about.
This is Joy's store of reclaimed timber and old timber.
It wasn't the old Fascism, this was something new.
Then I'll build the other side, and old Johnny boy, wherever he is, we'll get him to paint it up for us.
But has this refurbishment been as difficult as Simon initially thought?
In this house in the suburbs of Chester, the boy wonder eats, sleeps and breathes old cars.
Yeah, I try and do a bit of cooking, but having to work full-time I don't get a lot of time in the evenings.
So you can see that the price of chicken feed is, well, no longer chicken feed, and don't sit there feeling all smug if you're going for a healthy breakfast - all cereals are becoming more expensive, even porridge oats are going up.
I would urge the people in the site that they should try and find alternative sites... All those in favour, please show.
Drawing on her experience as a wedding planner, Vanessa has managed to replace the dated fixtures and fittings with items that complement the period feel and yet still create a fresh, modern twist here.
There's nothing better than start to see plants on the move again, start to grow again and things popping up and coming into flower.
I think we're now changing and more and more people are giving up their sort of office jobs and wanting to go back to the craft techniques that Fred used because you just get so much more out of them.
The Easterly winds will make North Sea coasts cooler with some patchy mist and sea fog, but West of the Pennines, sheltered from that, temperatures of around nineteen or twenty.
The pups are now eight months old and the deformed one has disappeared.
The divers will be protected by an aluminium cage but a perspex window will give the illusion that there's nothing between their soft bodies and the legendary jaws.
This year Stephen Spielberg is making his version of War Of The Worlds, starring Tom Cruise, and the film is released later this summer.
Dear Muriel, Daddy does not like the idea of medical at all, but I'm taking biology, chemistry and maths... And the next idea on the list is to go to university, and take a science degree, then sit for a civil service exam...
Jesus said that my message of the Gospel, you can have a personal relationship with me through what I did on the cross, that message of Christ will go to every nation and I think we now are the first generations in Christian history that can say, if we're under fifty, that's a viable possibility in our lifetime that all the final language groups and unreached groups can hear about who Jesus is.
Judith has bought a dress to wear at the Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race Ball.
There's a resident core of seven co-workers together with twelve people with special needs.
With the driver on her way to hospital, Steve and Rob can now get down to a closer investigation of the accident scene.
Dear Uncle Jim, I take every care of myself that can decently be taken and if I'm going to stop a bullet, why should it be in a vital place?
It's Greek in origin and you start off with three medium courgettes, and you grate them.
Cube... Cuboid... Those building blocks belong to my castle.
I shoved him onto the golf cart and took him up to the club house and he fell off at the club house in a faint.
And a quick fix for this bathroom which needs some colour.
Five minutes away are Fiona and Amanda - two southern girls who came to Newcastle to work, and liked it so much they decided to stay.
He abhorred terrorism, and his family in the Gulf have been victims of it for a decade.
There's usually hundreds of tons of soil in a pile somewhere which needs to be got rid of.
There's a picture of the actual factory, made in Brooklyn, New York.
It hasn't really made any movements outwards, so we've decided to do a Caesarian because otherwise it's going to die.
This was different to my usual jobs.
These just won't work in a movie.
The rook has no need for great speed, so its wings are much larger than the duck or peregrine.
They even share a joke across the linguistic divide about which of their respective bosses is pulling the strings.
But they're turkeys with particularly long legs?
Because he gets out later, the lad with glasses on.
The silver birch tree is very closely related, unfortunately, to a lot of these fruits, so patients like yourself who get hay fever over spring time often have problems when they eat foods that are related to the silver birch tree.
Well, the great thing about this house, it's got that alcove, which means Roy could put these shelves in, but if you haven't got that - a lot of modern houses don't - you can have something like this.
Dealing with people like Gerry Adams and Martin McGuinness was not fun, because they'd done things which one doesn't want to dwell on now.
to try to make him feel at home, that he had an adult with him, because I know from my home visits that he's somebody that's very comfortable with grown-ups around.
I do quite enjoy cooking for other people, but usually they don't have to pay for it!
His young hero, the solicitor's clerk Jonathan Harker, arrives at the home of the Count, a ruined castle perched on a rock.
You've just got to put it behind you and look forward.
Read to the jury the highlighted portion of the scenario for that factory tour.
This is like the bush area, or the pubes.
The majority of the jury, they... You know, a child saying, Mr Bob stuck his finger in me.
We turn the knife, and just make an incision this side of the backbone.
At first, these were carefully guarded in enclosures, for they were valued for their fur and meat.
What we have done here, and I think it's absolutely perfect, is we have zoned all the areas.
I illuminated her briefly with my flashlight and then illuminated the bushes around her and near her, and as much of the house as I could.
Suppose you could make a decision on the strengths of the athletes.
I gather there are a couple of legs missing on the male, is that right?
Still though the air is, it carries the microscopic spores of ferns and mosses, which lodge in the crevasses of tree bark and sprout.
The earth shakes with the thunder of bovine trials of strength.
But the children had a role in pig killing because as the blood came out of the pig it was gathered in a bowl, collected in a bowl, and it was the children's job to put their hand in and keep the blood moving.
The woodland is actually described as an orchard, though there aren't many signs of fruit trees.
There's too much tension, so when it ruptures the ends fall apart and can't be brought back together.
I'm not asking if you agree with the circumstances the officer's just given me, but do you understand why you've been arrested?
Both of them said that the car had had quite major crash damage beforehand.
Certainly if there were any advance like that I'd agree, but there aren't any Martians.
At the back is a subframe which on a three hundred eight holds the engine in and the wheels on, and keeps them attached to the body.
I can understand why you don't like going to hospital.
You look very well on it, both of you, I have to say.
And he remained in the job for fifty years as porter and higher up.
Mark, with seven hundred jumps already to his credit, is America's top exponent of arguably the most dangerous form of freefall parachuting.
I went there to sing and I had somewhere this really naive idea that perhaps being there would make some form of difference.
My own feeling is that any airport that handles international traffic that can show it's been closed for so many days a year, it should be mandatory to have ground radar.
But I suppose it stands to sense, really, that the first flowers are going to produce the first seed, and if you look at each shoot here, you find, in the sort of apex, that there's one fat seedpod here.
But I don't even get to go to the lavatory on my own without fingers under the door going, Mum, where are you?
Not too close to the shiny car, eh.
We had a mouse in here yesterday and she wanted mouse organs.
Tom Junior sold his first luxury car aged eleven and was a millionaire at fourteen.
We had different ideas about where the great ditch was located, so we went for some second opinions.
This is a suburban area on the edges of the city and there isn't much wildlife around, so it brings me closer to nature and wildlife.
Also in that area there's some old cogs and things what's come from junkyards and scrapheaps and skips and anywhere I can find anything like that.
It's like you actually feel that you're there in the jungle and you're going along, into water and coming out again, and going round a corner and you spot a crocodile with its mouth open.
We wanted to identify where this crucial clash had taken place, find evidence of close combat - ammunition and personal effects.
The courts provide an avenue to seek some kind of redress and to make sure that these manufacturers are held accountable.
Nowadays, as liberal democracy seems to be advancing everywhere and dictators become thinner and thinner on the ground, Saddam seems like a throwback to an earlier era - a man with the power of life and sudden death over everybody he controls.
So you're going to come back, meet me at the auction and we'll stand there and hope it'll make a good price.
There's little risk of handball here, unless you're the unfortunate goalkeeper.
Pick your venue carefully and don't set your expectations too high, otherwise you could be spending a very unhappy hour with yourself and your memories in a very sparse bar.
Here we are... Oh, yes, there we are...
If you work after The Archers for an hour, hour and a half on your book, then go to the pub, where do you get your vitamins?
The real issue here, I think, is that we have a challenge to the freedom of the scientist to pursue his legitimate purposes if he is well prepared.
So does it feel strange to think of Samuel Pepys the famous diarist meeting and chatting with your ancestor?
What I wanted to achieve in this small town fruit garden was to show you can have delicious fresh fruit, lots of different kinds, in a very small garden.
Your walls in your alcoves - make sure they're level coming down, cos if they're not, your doors won't shut and open properly.
The Moors were driven out of Spain and the Romanesque style began, first in the north, then further south where it was often grafted on to Moorish foundations.
Some will stay that way, some showers in Scotland, but Southern England and South Wales, cloud thickens later in the day and we'll see patchy rain push in.
Whereas the Reds, although you said a million, So, I fear, nought is your score and five is yours.
It is always rather dismal work walking over a great snow plain when sky and surface merge in one pall of dead whiteness.
We're nearing the end of our journey now, and I'm returning to the location where our coastal adventures originally started - overlooking the English Channel at Dover.
Our last journey deals with the search for identity, and ends with our greatest living icon.
Just put your knife on the top and very gradually edge through.
Perhaps this precise timing between night and day shift on the reef gives the larvae their best chance to drift clear without being eaten.
So I do have a prayer now and again.
He used to say, You're not going to move away from here, are you?
The golf buggy collected us about quarter to seven in the morning, and we were in a hurry, and he loaded all of our suitcases and my two friends and me on to it.
This is a difficult bit because you could cut the atmosphere with a knife.
He probably would because he used to have pubs as well.
Jamie and Melinda's daughter, Zoe, was supposed to sleep through game night.
What I'm going to do so the flavour penetrates the fish skin is just push the flesh together and with a sharp knife put a small incision... And that stops it curling as well.
Not only does this red onion give you lovely colours, but it's a lot sweeter than, say, a Spanish onion, or one of the Northern Hemisphere onions, like the Polish or English.
The public forced them to come out of the Palace, and get on the street and do what every other good British person does and pay their respects.
When I mention the word bats, many people shudder at the idea of these little, dark creatures of the night fluttering around, probably because of the years of connotations with vampire movies and horror stories.
She also complains of fatigue, weight loss associated with anorexia of one stone over the last month.
Before we dive, we always tell them that they are diving in a marine park, they are not allowed to touch anything down there.
They had few maps and poor intelligence, especially on how ordinary Chechens would react to invasion.
They should now all be able to stand up on their own feet and cook like pros.
I don't think you can ever be too old, and up next, a man who definitely proves me right.
If you had to give one big tip to somebody coming out wanting to open a restaurant or bar in Spain, what would it be?
The Queen is a person with strong preferences, opinions, and enough knowledge of the world to test those opinions and to be always testing them, but, quite clearly, she feels it is her duty to keep those under very strict restraint, so you only, very occasionally, with the final glass of something at night, get a glimpse of them, but while she's perform... while she's being the Queen, you don't.
We were putting our bongs together.
But the humiliation of British forces caused by the Channel dash paled into insignificance with the news three days later that the great fortress of Singapore, on which the whole British empire in the Far East depended, had surrendered to a far smaller Japanese army.
But you drove up that road a bit too fast, I'm not saying over thirty, but there were pedestrians, there was a cyclist.
The trick is to multiply the significant digits, then make sure you get the place value right by having the same number of zeroes in your answer.
Would you say there's a definite link between unemployment and ill health?
With the help of her friend Lynne, Harry's called us in to rummage for enough hidden treasure to raise the money for some very personal gifts.
A girl should always be prepared cos you never know when that cute boy might come along.
And that's all it was - not a difficult marriage - just that that was always over our heads.
And will pretty Sara collect more charity money than old Emma or fat Jack?
Might end up being able to sell some advertising space.
Come on, I'll show you the front bedroom.
Ten minutes, you can take your vegetables like that, you don't need to boil them, just soften them off, squeeze the orange juice in, lovely smell and lovely flavouring.
She fell in love with a leather pouf, which had been chewed It was gorgeous.
For youngsters who grow up feeling alienated and rejected, the only way out is for dreams to come true... even if the dream is a fourteen million to one shot.
I mean, apart from everything else, you've, erm... you got... guys... and friends and stuff, and then you've got... With me, you've got the illness, operations, hospital appointments, all this stuff, and it's like... Deal with that one, then that one!
Luckily, George the peacock is there to attract attention away from the unfinished visitor centre and the press has something perfectly finished to snap.
Because it's so private, even though you're quite close to your neighbours, you can't see them.
Now we're taking time off for me to share something with you that I very much want you to know about, which takes a little time but is, I think, infinitely rewarding for special occasions.
The Peter Pan mirror made her realise she won't be young forever, Lovely doing business with you.
Once, hares would never have been pursued for pleasure.
This is a beautiful one right here.
A timeless classic, the knack to custard tart is making sure the milk is hot enough when stirring it into the eggs and sugar.
The cabinet rejected these extreme measures, but told Defence Minister Yitzhak Rabin to toughen up his act.
Well, upstairs it's not actually as big as you might imagine, in fact there are just two rooms, they are both a good size, but there's nothing like a loo.
fifty grams of egg whites... Er... fifty grams of sugar per egg white.
With a baby on the way and her old house finally on the market, Zoe's priority is now to get the stable converted so she'll have somewhere to live whilst work on the main farmhouse continues.
Because he's embarrassed about it, lashing out at nothing, hurting people, hurting himself, and he's thinking, Come on, sunshine, stop being a muppet, especially in front of really good-looking women, start acting your age for once.
Now Leach was livid about the naval cuts and with the invasion of the Falklands he understood this was his chance to save the Navy he loved.
Barbara said how good you was looking for your age.
My understanding is that the rescue home obviously approve the home the dog is going to but are there costs involved?
Were you surprised how good it was?
The columns and colonnades reflect the classical orders that are so evident in Renaissance gardens, but there are none of the surface embellishments of Islamic art.
Morrison claimed the two were university professors who taught him specialised handwriting analysis in the Czech Republic.
Oxtail may be an unusual choice, but Antony thinks this traditional dish deserves a place on the Great British Menu.
He had to answer a call of nature.
Tantalisingly, it doesn't quite show the site, but it shows the building next door and all the buildings on the other side of the street.
The fountains in front of the City's Water and Power Department are a symbol of that bending of nature to serve man, of how civilisation has handled wilderness.
These are little gilt birds, amongst leaves, on a black ground.
But these new boats are so big and so modern, surely nothing could go wrong on their maiden voyage.
I can support local shops instead of going on the internet, have a laugh and still get the best possible deal.
Since filming, Patricia is still waiting for compensation from her electricity company, but is determined to enjoy her life in Spain.
I don't know how far you're gonna go back.
He aims to change how people live; leave the forest alone.
No, she, erm... She left the handbrake on in Waitrose and then it went into a pole and they had to tannoy her in the shop!
It's sensible to display some kind of price promise, but don't lower prices so much that it acts to the detriment of how people perceive the quality of both your products and service.
He's photographed the Prince Of Wales and the Earl of Leicester.
And we would also avoid invasive procedures on the baby.
Their patch of the tundra is inundated with other foxes.
And the Bale mountains also provide the foundation for a new, and now vital, part of Ethiopia's granary.
Despite his phone intermittently cutting out, Richard's received a call from a buyer who's put in an offer on one of his top-end properties.
Norwegian silversmiths were influenced by Russian enamelling, but actually the standard of enamelling in Scandinavia was far higher than in Russia.
It strikes me that one of the reasons why he loved this place so much is that it's a collection of all these characters who are somehow very real.
It would collect our eggs, then go on to Mr Smith up the road and so on.
They were asking for money for their charities, for their children, to get them out of a jam, endlessly begging.
Check references, talk to other people, get somebody who I know it is going to be able to do the job properly.
Having successfully separated the skin from the flesh, the next challenge was to find the right breed of duck to get what I wanted - crispy skin AND juicy flesh.
There's thatch work that needs to be done, and the cob presents problems.
If we look at the evidence, we see the figures don't bear out the way that we have responded as a society.
I just remember running in and finding out where she was, and just holding on to her, throwing my arms around her.
Judy, I think this has been a sympathetic treatment for your piano, or Tom's piano, because your son will be learning on it.
Seasoned campers Jo and Hannah arrive in Wales without a hair out of place, accompanied by cheerful charges Declan and Chandler safely in tow.
Kathleen, thank you for bringing this very curious lovely bowl along today.
Now they are touring and you can feel their positive response, do you understand why I chose this?
Liz's grandfather's travelling case, including the numerous ornate accessories, is the first to go under the hammer.
This finally brought the peasants of Europe to revolt.
I go up with my golf clubs on an advertised golfing holiday with this airline and they charge me forty quid to put me clubs on the fucking plane!
I can tell you that all those dishes were absolutely delicious, but which was your favourite?
Was this stance, that you were absolutely determined to show how tough you would be, adopted for domestic consumption at home?
I'm not sure if it'll use it, but it'll be better than trying a much more serious operation to remove the leg further up.
As soon as I want to watch them behaving normally, I take the food away and they begin foraging and follow their other normal activities.
OK. You're a bit sad now, aren't you?
Knowing that I had that dark secret which at some point I'd have to tell whoever I was intending to lure into my bed.
After years of not reading stories to her own children, Judy is now armed with the books that will put to bed her past regrets, and I'm so proud of having helped Judy find the confidence to tackle the task of reading a story to her grandchildren.
Oh, flowers are as common here, Miss Fairfax, Personally, I cannot understand how anybody manages to exist in the country, if anybody who IS anybody does.
It will be interesting if you look at how British food has evolved over centuries.
We're Making Slough Happy in the town square.
How beautiful repaired concrete buildings can be.
So it's all those things and they're not cheap, so it's worth taking time to make sure that you've got the right one.
Before, when we grow oats to feed horses or oats to sell for human consumption, that was a dual market, and we now have it back.
We're using this bamboo screen to hide the back of the garden, because it's a bit ugly.
The kitchens here never stop, and bar owners know they'd soon go out of business if they served something that didn't have a recent association with the sea.
After years rummaging around toy fairs, antique fairs and boot sales, they're to clear out the play room.
Jonathan... Ah, OK, that's you, yes.
She has heard there is a wedding fair at Bristol Zoo and can't resist taking sister Chan along for a look.
All were still alive, and if they grow up to be as successful as their mother, then we will not be the last two people who will enjoy following a family of leopards in Africa.
But Charles remains determined that life for his three daughters and son doesn't mirror his own unhappy childhood.
At Colchester Zoo they've sought the advice of Graham Law who's pioneered new methods of enrichment.
They'd long been thought obsolete, but it now appeared that Saddam Hussein had been making his own.
Why, of course, by clambering down their host's tongue as it drinks, and waiting on the flower for another moth of the same species to turn up.
But buying agricultural land is a different matter as the Government doesn't want people scooping up vast swathes of precious farming land.
It's still a small room, so after a couple of discussions, Kerry decided that she wanted a nice suite in it to make it a really appealing bathroom, even though it's small, so we've gone for a nice corner bath and a nice fancy shower in it and sink and toilet, and when it's finished it will look cool.
To try to identify up to four thousand animals within that particular area, is extremely difficult.
This country will not go to war while I occupy this post, unless Congress is called into session... Eisenhower did make the point that Eden did not seem to realise how the world had changed, that the time when military force... could be used in the support of imperial policy had long since passed and new solutions had to be found.
I don't quite see the point myself, especially if you've got loads of clothes and shoes to hoard.
Because they are watching a particular area of their town or their community day in, day out, they get to recognise the normal behaviour, they get to recognise something that's unusual, and they can focus the cameras on it and start to gain the evidence.
Laurence will have more ways to give your place the illusion of space - and it could increase the value of your property.
There are hyena holes which are about a foot and a half round and four foot deep which basically, you stick a wheel in and you flip the vehicle.
Layout, traditional architecture, a sort of focal point somewhere.
One thing I feel does let your property down, is walking in through the front door, you've got an incredibly narrow hall.
I kind of felt sick and I even felt a little bit emotional.
This could be partly due to having her own little army back home.
But today Val's concentrating all her efforts on clearing out her own clutter.
You chose some beef from a cow that had grazed extensively, had lived outdoors, lived well, and been looked after by a good farmer.
I don't know if it's worth anything.
They've inherited a load of stuff and have decided on a clear out, so who better to help them than our very own Pharaoh of the collectables world, Mark Franks.
It was they who made the war, they who chose to back that shit Hitler.
I'm determined that from here on in we're going to get over this little unhappy hump that we've been having.
What's interesting is that each family has different ideas on how the money should be spent.
I seem to be fairly successful up to now and, cross fingers, hopefully that'll continue.
This is a land of huge what I can only call human talent, and tremendous warmth, so there's no difficulty making friends.
Going back to the tent now and eating a bowl full of fat with bits of dried fruit and salami in it, and a cup of kerosene water, full of dog hair, dog shit and reindeer fur is pretty uninspiring.
All the early part of the war they went all over the place to find things if it was in the shops because it went in possibly to the town more than to the villages, so this was an equal way of serving it out even if it was small.
Coming through that original door which we came through in the wall, if it's a still, mild, damp morning, you get the most wonderful fragrance from all the flowers around.
Yeah, I suppose that does give you that sort of cosy glow that, um... comes with being accepted, being part of the, not the furniture but the fabric of society and, um, what goes with it.
We reckon they spend thousands of pounds a year advertising their services in these books, but unless you look closely at the small print on the ads you wouldn't know they're all the same firm.
Then the teams go for a final point as they guess what it is worth.
Cloudier further north and west, but it's the northwest of Scotland which will catch the rain, all courtesy of this weather front, which is going to pivot and head back northwards again as high pressure asserts itself from the south.
The irony is this, Eamonn, that, um... A song like The Town I Love So Well was not written for the cash register, the motivation was entirely different.
But the completeness of it and what it tells us about the Victorians A fascinating thing is going on here, actually, because these two are of a different date and maker.
They're keeping their strength up for the final push.
They're all sort of geared up for her to give birth, and, obviously, protecting the den site.
If I don't know them, if that's the case I might as well stand out there and turn these into flyers, and say, Here!
The dogs themselves appear to be fit and well, there wasn't any injuries that I could see on any of the dogs caused by that belt but, by the mere fact that he uses that belt as a control mechanism, tends to make me believe that he's used it in the past against the dogs, that's why Rambo the dog, in particular, shied away from me when he had that belt, so again it's frustrating, because I think that he's doing that, but at the present time I've got no powers unless the animal's actually injured, to be able to step in and remove the animal.
Now life is about to move up a gear for sleepy Annette.
But their role is not merely destructive.
I just couldn't do that, but it's how long it's going on, it wears you down a bit, it wears you down and stops you thinking about what you could be doing.
Harold Wilson was a great communicator and had used all these great techniques like the pipe and so on to communicate a sort of affable friendly chat.
And then suddenly we're over the beach and I can see the shacks which are on fire, still burning, still smoking, the beach huts.
But how did they go on building summat like this behind me?
Benjamin also thinks that perhaps with seven new siblings, Shannon got lost in the crowd.
We needed to understand, whether it was permissible for the government of Saudi Arabia to invite hundreds of thousands of Westerners to come on Saudi soil in order to fight another Muslim country, which is Iraq.
I saw a lot of this in India - is this common?
Big strong man, lives in the jungle with all the lions and leopards and elephants.
What you do with all barometers is you've often got this other extra brass needle which you place over the needle where it is at the moment and in relation to where that needle then goes will tell you what the weather is doing.
What better compliment can you get than a fellow foodie telling a chef his food's wicked.
As we passed the Augusta, the Prime Minister stood at the salute, remaining so until we had passed all the US ships.
The thing that might help you out of your predicament is knowing how much you'd have to pay to own these stables, this one and a quarter acres of land, this newish cottage.
I would say it was from the age of about sixteen that things started to change with him.
But this time the showers will be developing in situ, without much wind around, the showers will be with you for quite a while, but it does mean some will sit between those showers throughout.
Joanne's blood tests showed that she was severely lacking in protein, and a great source of protein is fish.
When I helped him out of the car, he almost stumbled over.
The only change we made to any particular room in terms of usage was just off the kitchen, there was a toilet.
To me... um... such warnings are somewhat exaggerated.
Severely burned, parts of his face and hands had to be rebuilt by plastic surgery, his famous beauty burned away.
Although Wainwright was a solitary and fiercely private man, some might even say curmudgeonly, he also had a well-known sense of humour, quite a dry sense of humour, and he occasionally dropped this into his writing.
Come off the yard last Thursday and, um... she's new and she's built on... the lines of an Admiralty cutter of about seventeen ninety with ideas taken from sailing barges and herring dandies and everything else all rolled into one.
The explanation is precisely in that word shell.
This gave way to pure classicism in the third and fourth quarters of the eighteenth century, until about eighteen twenty, when it was replaced by a revival of this.
Rhinos have been in Africa for millions of years and, like most of the animals, they were here long before the crater was formed.
I'd say, You might have a terrible voice but you've great rhythm in it.
Which is why, six months ago, she decided to take matters into her own hands and learn to drive.
Quite simply, it causes the covering of the cells to be changed and this can cause the heart to develop an abnormal rhythm.
She's in her second year of a diploma course in adult nursing at Wolverhampton University.
There's a lot more in-depth stuff to be listened to than drum rhythms.
But even worse, you were asking Katie questions whilst looking at your food, with food in your mouth!
Look at the three options, don't just take the first one because you may not find you can handle that topic very effectively.
I was going to look up and I could see her arm coming up as I was looking up... Third one!
As Hayley ducked her head under, her long hair got closer and closer to one of the intake valves.
Back in the pan, stick the lid on and leave it to steam so it's really nice and cooked all the way through.
And I'm just as interested in handbags as I am in politics and what's happened to this Labour government, and, um... whether Muslim women should be covering their faces.
But their main purpose was to keep Jerusalem and the holy sites of Christianity free from the forces of Islam.
You may hear the same sparks when you brush or comb your hair.
Now I'm just a little drip... Just a little drip!
He called me from the car and said it was clear they didn't really know what had hit them and genuinely wanted help and support.
He's been in the cupboard a while, but now I've seen him, he is rather cute, so I'll have to wait and see.
Just as biological systems ensure our temperature varies less than one degree throughout the day, car engines use fans, radiators and thermostats to keep the engine at almost exactly ninety degrees Celsius for peak performance.
I didn't know there could be such a big difference in such a small, you know, age er... thing, er... between three and four, because I don't...
Once the payment's come through and it's cleared, I'll issue the gentleman two receipts and cancel the tow truck and release the car - end of story.
What I was saying earlier, in times of national emergency, the two are the same.
So we've all got to eat, but what if you're at sea and you can only eat what you bring?
Today's sale comes from the heart of Darlington from Thomas Watson Auctioneers.
Because, you know, we lost more than three quarters of her native tongue because of this tumour.
Yeah, but then along comes someone who looks at you as if you're a desirable woman, and you realise there's a whole side of life you'd forgotten existed.
The next piece of furniture is a bit of a gamble as our auctioneer explains.
And they didn't approve of taking advantage of a loophole in the Church's law, to get married in a church.
They've gone to a restaurant near Tunis for an informal chat, but before they get down to business, what can they expect to find on the menu?
But is this important to you, to be able to know how... Obviously, if we need to administer medication to any one of them and one of the keepers say there's one that needs a certain medication... We need to be able to know which one it is, obviously.
Never met him, could knock on my door and I wouldn't have a clue it was him.
All human life is here too, but slightly more antique.
From now on, we won't let Rudolph join in any reindeer games.
I am not dead, but do sleep here And yet once more I will appear That is when time will be no more Then they be judged who falsely swore And them that judged will judged be Whether just or unjust them that see Prepare, dear friends, for that great day When death doth summon you away I will await on you with care In heaven with joy to meet you there.
We'd been looking for these with Cassini, we'd set aside special times to just look for these spokes, and saw absolutely nothing until the end of August last year when all of a sudden the spokes appeared.
We usually do the crying afterwards though, laugh at the time.
No point in restyling the shop if Julie doesn't take a good look at how she presents her ingredients.
With just seconds to go, all hands are on deck to help Keith!
If you want to experience a different pace, then I recommend a visit to the National Taiwan Junior College of Performing Arts.
Unfortunately for Natalie, she's into prostitution which is obviously how she supports her habit.
Top Cat wore a hat, his ears popped through.
The cubs normally come out just before dark, so I think I'll come back when the bluebells are out, hopefully get some good shots then.
Well, I just think music's obviously like a popular culture and I think it's got a place within society, within politics as well.
Concrete pyramids mark ground zero, the exact spot where an atomic bomb was detonated.
If you know Channel four Racing, wonderful guys but they give male chauvinism a new meaning.
House hunting is an arduous task but we can get you one step nearer.
I know a little coffee shop near Buckingham Palace, and I sat in there for four hours.
We feel that by getting more out of our teams, we can make enough not to make cuts.
Now, when you're doing a contemporary garden, throw out all those ideas you had about herbaceous borders.
If not, my advice would be to keep it as a family heirloom.
If I stand here, shivering, and think about the enormity, the arrogance, of it all...
It's my first time going and it should be good watching Daniel climb around.
We are poets, we give life to words you thought were dead and buried If your load is getting heavy, we can double it or share it When the road ahead looks scary, we can truth or we can dare it To wipe off the grin that doesn't always mean that we can bear it We are poets shooting lyrics, trying to hit life's hidden targets Knowing words can diffuse wars or be the catalysts that spark it And we don't always crave applause Sometimes a... pause for thought is nicer than hands that clap for crap for every poet, every night, after every poem they recite Not because their soul was stirred, but because it's safe to be polite We are poets for the love of it, the reason's never monetary Though that only works in principle, because bills aren't paid by modesty Makes me feel invincible, getting paid for my philosophy until I'm broke, and then I tell myself true poets live in poverty.
He attracted an artistic community, part of which was phoney and part real.
We're sure it's the same bike?
Er, so... Oh, for God's sake!
When you look at a jazz band or orchestra, you're looking at a tiny ebony forest.
It will benefit the finances and it will give more pleasure to members of the public, and that's actually a lot of what we're about.
So your dad, who had this history of actually working in the services along with his father, actually they objected to you going into them.
My dad was in the Navy and then died when I was in my teens so I didn't get much chance to talk to him, I never knew my grandparents.
Which song was a hit for the Four Seasons AND Divine?
Charting the network's maintenance programme is a job in itself.
By putting them in this rich soil, we'll get a really big, lush plant.
You roasted the tomatoes... the fresh thyme, the onions, garlic, a drizzle of olive oil into the oven and roasted off on soft polenta.
I'm, uh... having a morning at Lake Moss, which is a very famous bird reserve, but...
Scottish pistols are particularly distinctive for several reasons.
Um, get them by the tail and, uh, hold them down nice and securely so that the vet can administer the jabs that they need.
Allyson's very mature for her age.
The first time I saw it I thought this was a sort of family motor car, little wheels and so forth.
And there were eight ladies making it as well, and they never had any in stock... How many flavours do you have?
Once they had given birth, underage girls were put under pressure to hand their babies over to the authorities for adoption.
The word mullah brings up the image of... Big beards and terrorism.
Faith groups made their voices heard whether they were Sikh... Muslim... or Christian.
They've worked hard, particularly my wife Sarah.
But if you prune the lower branches of birches in spring, you'll find they bleed.
And set back further from the road.
Now, of course, the best way to enjoy hard British cheeses is with fresh bread and a glass of good hoppy beer, but this recipe with pancakes, so popular in the sixties, is definitely worth trying.
She was very happy - laughed - and very warm-hearted to her friends.
Since then, as the ocean floor has continued to spread, the continents have shifted and India has moved towards Asia.
It's divided into compartments, a design of straight lines, controlled views and formal geometric features which frame the planting.
Robert Cain, the affable man who bought the drinks in the bar had now become an angry warrior.
I think I'd probably want to go er...
Everybody thinks I want to be an American in Paris, working in a cafe, but it's just very quiet here, and it's like my office in a sense.
I'm quite a good jiver, so, er...
But I still think even the best aquatic zoos are falling back on the old ways of the menageries - the exotic, the rare, the unobtainable, just for the sake of it.
The friction of the giant tides acted as a brake on the rotation of our young planet Earth.
As she needs to forage, she'll leave the animal at the surface and dive, gather food, come back up and feed.
Well, it's always at night, and some of the worst casualties happen when it's foggy, because it appears the more unscrupulous skippers say, Well it's two hundred yards over there - jump out here, and, in fact, it's more like a mile.
Um, I've been there for five years, so I really haven't got any.
Despite Tony's new-found realism, I am still worried about his urge to rush into things, and Anne's unwillingness to stand up to him.
Considering that he's never made this dish before, and that so many critics are waiting upstairs to pounce on it, he is remarkably cool.
And the next stage has to be to take it to Congress, where we need to discuss this.
The llamas and alpacas were their animals.
Although designed to care for patients, some of the items on display look a little torturous, from skull screws to relieve fluids on the brain, to irrigation syringes to balance key body fluids.
Birds in towns are declining to some extent and several species of birds, the song thrush and the house sparrow and the starling, all of which are really well-known town and city birds, they're actually declining.
It's pure coincidence, but I did hear this word about two weeks ago.
I tried to call the New York Times and get our exhibitions listed in the art calendar.
Me so sorry, I forget... You wash your cup in the same place you throw your...
The auctioneer's getting up to the podium.
And then we sent three more over.
Instead of going out every night, I take part in half a dozen different sort of community activities on the internet.
In the East End the twins' victory over the law only increased their power to dispense their own vicious brand of justice.
I suppose I don't care how much things cost.
We always think the French are dodgy, but the French think we are.
Farming changed an incredible amount in the last, probably, twenty years.
That was certainly true in an ancient world teeming with wildlife.
One useful thing to put on top is gravel or bark chippings, anything to keep the moisture in, weeds down and slugs off.
Shakespeare's aim was to entertain a large Elizabethan audience, so he chose themes that had already proved popular with the public.
It was a job that I very much enjoyed but I couldn't make it work with having young children.
Thicken that up with Windsor blue and bright red.
Basically, it's a catch-all way to describe the many factors of sun and soil, wind and water, that can influence the quality of a vineyard and hence the taste of a wine.
Adults, more than us, they know everything - everything you do, and they dip their finger in everything.
Famous for their ruthlessness, they kept the jawbones and skulls of their enemies as trophies.
ten thousand years ago, when the last ice age swept the area, a glacier almost a kilometre thick gouged away the soil and flattened huge areas of this limestone slab.
I thought he was going to come out and everything would be... better and easier, but it hasn't worked out that way.
Is there any particular time they prefer to do it, or is it just like, I fancy a feeding frenzy?
I better go and see how James is doing for your supper.
We didn't know the details of it, but we knew that some nasty things went on, so that whenever the door opened, you didn't know where you were going - up to the washroom, or for a walk, or what.
So now you've done such a good challenge we'll have to give her some extra plants.
How dare you push me to one side like I don't matter!
That's a strong argument for an independent third party to see what's taking place, to ensure that what's happening is right and proper and reasonable.
He was in shock and already suffering from hypothermia.
The worst possible child would probably be a boy that wants to constantly play and doesn't stop screaming, running around.
We've sorted the charity boxes out there already in the house.
I enjoy the varied side of it - horse transporting, mending tack and not knowing what each day brings.
Pauline, which pink animal lusts after a frog?
The choices were decided eons ago by the varied geology of the continent.
And like the way that each piece of furniture has this name, it's almost like that they're some character in the saga.
Since the first lawnmower was invented back in eighteen thirty, it's been updated several times, from the invention of the mechanical chain, through to the application of hovercraft technology.
You go up the butcher's for the kosher turkey, right, like everybody else in North London and you say, I thought I might have a... turkey this week, you know, just for a change.
And to preserve all my hard work, do you remember that car wax I had earlier?
Butchers, restaurateurs and caterers come here for top quality cuts.
Living with a fear of being revealed as an undercover officer, he had to avoid taking drugs without arousing suspicion to his targets.
It was amazing to think that Grandma was a survivor, and Grandpa had been one of the liberators of Belsen concentration camp.
Some parts had to be smuggled out from other zones in exchange for alcohol and cigarettes.
And at the end of the day, how can an asylum seeker from another country get decent accommodation... Nobody should jump the queue and get priority over you.
It'll come up as a sponge, like a car sponge.
He may have ruptured something down here, possibly even a rib.
Word is out that the airport is involved with the Fringe Festival.
Stage one now complete, with the spider helpless but alive, Meanwhile, hundreds of feet up the canyon wall, the raven chicks will soon be taking their first flying lessons.
Let's go and capture something else.
The future I see is a large landscape like Namibia, where people live in harmony with their livestock and wildlife, have a good economic base, have good education, and everyone lives together.
Residents of the city, particularly those in the poor shanty towns, are building a reputation for helping themselves.
Who would have thought this innocent little bungalow could be the cause of some major family arguments?
Any gear, any revs, any prod on the throttle and you get a deep bellow and a very satisfying surge.
It is surely a great mystery that we should all be so much poorer now than we were two or three years ago.
But the terminal buds of young pines are surrounded by a shock of needles.
It is true that they bought the rights and they are now developing the scripts for Women on the Verge and Tie Me Up, Tie Me Down.
But linguistics experts think that one piece of new technology in particular could soon change the way we speak.
But Sean, like many other boys of his generation, had no intention of following in his father's footsteps.
The garden I've come to look at is on the outskirts of Harrogate and it's tucked in behind this rather ordinary little house.
They always forget to change their batteries.
The Daily Record used computer images of how the boys might look.
As Jean and I head downstairs to give Emma a helping hand, in the store room Patrick is busy We are nearly out of time and we have reached the last annex where John, Jane and I are foraging for one item to take to auction.
The faith shared between Francis and his brothers is so great that there is room for all kinds of eccentric behaviour.
They went home and asked their computer what he thought it was.
I think it was too bad that they demanded equality primarily in terms of prestige of the job, and of salary.
Both chefs have got some exciting ideas.
But before we do, Jason just wanted to say something he would like to offer you, so have a listen up to Jason.
Yes, my grandfather then wrote a letter to the King of England to explain to him what was happening here, and ask him to help to find out what was going on.
Going along with this, we now expect women to be the equals of men, and to have careers like men, and therefore they grow up and expect to have a job and go out and earn their living.
I don't really know what I'm doing, I really do need some help.
I think... there was a period when lots of little things were going wrong, and at the time we were thinking about what we were going to do, and so I then decided to tell the house firmly that we had to let it, because it would keep people in the house, and also the rent would be useful to offset against the mortgage.
I feel very proud when I'm cuddling her or taking her out in her pram, that she's my granddaughter.
And, er... and then he started being rude and started coming on to me... and started threatening me.
So after Alice's death, it just made her all the more determined to succeed.
I heard her sing, she was really terrific and I asked her out.
We could not be doing this were it not for the fact that I have got the most amazing staff.
On Vets School, the real stars were the animals.
With the Isle of Man Congress trip, many deaf people never went, and I think certain people were selected to attend, to save money, and people who had good English skills were invited to go.
These guys will have to deal with it a lot more in terms of making sure that all the feedings are going smoothly, but it looks good.
Head further north and we'll see quite cloudy conditions this weekend, but generally it is looking dry.
Obviously it's panelled marquetry, walnut, olive wood and inlaid.
The man who runs this music shop in the East End of London was charged with twelve offences in March - six under the Trademarks Act, six under the Trades Descriptions Act, involving pirated cassettes of Asian music.
Each team has an expert to rummage through their homes and set the team a sales target figure.
Our construction manager is gonna replicate one of these pillars and build it in, so that we can get the cash point machine in there and it gives any effects enough room behind the doors to put their woofers, their machines that will spit the money out.
I'm famous for putting strange things together.
The Hamburg Cell dramatises the story of the men who hijacked planes and smashed them into America on September eleven, two thousand one.
There's more to see upstairs, and there's all the land for you to check out, so if you head off now and have a look around, we'll get together later and see what you think.
Diane, can you please step forward?
I just wish she'd been honest in her relationship with Charles from the beginning, then I would have been a fan of Camilla's, but um... As head of the church, I did feel they were a little bit dishonest, but that's my own personal opinion and I don't suppose personal opinions count in these situations.
OK, we're gonna go on a little tour of South Miami Coral Gables.
Most modern carpets are made with chemical dyes which can be a bit brash and garish and tend not to age so gracefully.
I thought they were just browsing deer throughout the summer, nibbling off leaves from bushes and trees, but she's getting something off the lawn.
I was not insecure about showing it to the band.
From that day onwards, I then was building aeroplanes out of wood from the garden shed.
The house was very popular as the auctioneer thought, but the man who won the day and seemed very pleased about it is Richard Mitchell.
It's a savage place that shows no mercy, and I'm about to lead five novices through a treacherous stretch of the most dangerous jungle in the world.
The only reason I was coming up to Jerome was because I was leaving on a flight the next morning to Palm Springs on September sixth.
I could still take all day off and just play with him and watch him.
I'm glad to see he's enjoying his adventure, but I wonder if the lure of the good life and being twelve thousand miles away from his debts means that he's forgotten my plan.
Instead, the baby prods a patch of skin inside the pouch, stimulating the milk to ooze out through special pores.
Firstly, there's the way this thing looks at speed on the road.
Some could stay dry but we'll continue to see showers affect parts of Wales, the Southwest.
If you... Ooh, it looks lovely doesn't it, Nadine?
Well, I'm going to ring the history museum to say that I've found one dinosaur left roaming Norfolk.
If you don't make it, if they send a helicopter in to ferry Cath off on day eight, what do you lose?
I've got hay fever, don't like sleeping on the ground... She needs to stop moaning.
We're back next week, Boxing Day, eight point thirty o'clock.
Looking after babies will also score you points.
Many of the wasp species control pests like caterpillars and aphids, carrying them away to feed their young.
I hate to be the one who brings politics into this gathering, but to people who live across the Atlantic with strong right-wing views, the word abernethy is a swear word, really.
Hmm, if I thought I made a mistake, I'd put the whole lot in the window, have myself and the staff wear it so it doesn't look like a mistake!
And property number one is very much our joint choice.
Hm, if you ask me, that bed of Oliver's is pretty vile.
The side of the house running along here, the back of the garage with Scott in front of it, and I just want to get hold of this exterior wall and drag it back, which would open up the kitchen and reposition the bathroom.
The woman told me they was in that aisle, I went and I ain't seen no damn stock cubes.
I've chosen leg because the muscle structure in the leg has a very good ability to hold on to moisture and it means our sausage will be much more succulent.
When I first sat down to watch it, I thought, I ain't been in the country long, I'll learn something about British culture.
It would be far more serious if this was chipped or cracked, and that's perfect.
They were good luck charms on their horses.
Exploited and, at the end of the day, expendable.
Farmworkers earned low wages - often half what a factory worker earned - and they worked very long hours.
The foundry is listed by the US government for urgent cleaning up.
Why were we looking at the annatto tree if it's smearing the body with stuff?
I enjoy them because sometimes I break out in little dance routines here and there.
I think it wasn't because of the complexion, but because the flowers produce narcotic wine.
Lucy, love, you will have to polish your dancing skills!
My favourite sandwich, when I was at school, was a Flake bar and a banana mixed together.
We're going to do a vaginal examination to see if you're ready to push yet, OK?
To strengthen their cases, they spend precious money buying copies of China's laws from street vendors.
There was the wagon driver who was a witness to it and three other people in another car and they were also witnesses to the incident.
It's quite clear you'd have a very good time with Luther.
But throughout the daily barrage of criticism, for Blunkett, it's business as usual.
He saw the war as a vision of exploding ordnance, mutilated horses, an immense grim empire of human straining... something in which families - mothers, children, babies - were all caught up.
A special thermal camera shows just how well the bears are insulated.
These soft effeminate men with large sleeves, who wear tiaras and turbans, who are liars, eunuchs and lazybones.
Its plumage gives it camouflage against the snow which even now, in summer, can fall here.
Now the last thing I want, you know, with a young family at home, is for intruders to be searching round, traipsing round the house, creating all sorts of mayhem and almost terrorisation of the family.
In Birmingham, Geoff is listing all the items that were in the stolen suitcase.
Because I don't want this scenario to happen.
We'll break these up and do a mosaic across here, just using parts of tiles.
Helen and Barbara seemed to warm to Lilac Cottage and its cosy feel, but if they decided to go for it, they will be pleased to know the range oven is in working order.
The bathroom is bright and airy and very tasteful.
I don't cook the barbecue, I just sort of sit somewhere else and have my cheese after everyone else has eaten.
Our fledging restaurateurs today are Tracey and Jamie Campbell from Southampton, a business development manager and aircraft engineer respectively.
Just keep going, really, see so many people doing it, and, respectfully, some of them sit behind desks, and don't really know the trade, whereas we do.
Now it will tolerate sharp drainage and full sun, but it really prefers moist, rich soil with a little bit of dapple shade.
And bowls, ponds and wooden bony carcasses jostle the stone until they marry into a kind of composite, organic material.
They looked after your every need and in some cases became part of family folklore.
The terracotta literally draws the moisture out of the soil, which is the last thing we want to do, especially because we're trying to conserve water.
It's down this alleyway, so if you're talking about taking building materials in and out - not a good start.
If your elbows are sticking out, that's a bad thing.
And she pounced on my shirt with these sharp claws.
Demands, demands, demands They love their regularities, the rhythms of our life together So it must be every morning, so a kiss goodnight... so every day, so every month, so every year... Years, and years, and years We are all issued with our measure of love You had a great measure, Michael Much more than... many of us It's all gone, Augustus All gone.
There is no bountiful institution handing out compensation.
Anyway... You have this, with some forty or fifty notes in, and you have this signed photograph, signed by Queen Mary in the war.
The wives used to cut the shirt lap off, make suet with mincemeat in it, wrap it up, pin it, and put it in boiling water for three hours.
Steve, a probation service officer, prefers nappies to nasturtiums.
A surprise victory in the mayoral election in Santiago.
Yeah, he had contact with me until he died when I was about ten.
I know there were a lot of... disagreements in the country about the wisdom of my decision... to order the action, but I can assure you - there's absolutely no dispute in Britain at all about your professionalism... your courage and your dedication.
At this altitude, the days are fairly cool, so animals stay in the open longer and are easier to find.
Yeah, just to cut the fat in half, type of thing, yeah.
So, it's time for us all to change gear, so I can get started on the first room.
It's sad, but I think people now tend to accept that vegetarianism, you know, is an option.
When the fogging technique was first used, it led the entomologist to revise the global estimates of how many sorts of insects exist on earth from three million to an extraordinary figure like thirty or even seventy million.
We're searching you cos you appeared to hide something in the passenger seat when we approached.
And the concept of the star architect really was woven around Frank Lloyd Wright.
It's about what you did to the car after it came out the showroom.
But, if the political situation made it possible, one should never discount the need to have a dialogue, although one should be extremely careful and extremely clear about what you are trying to do if you did enter a dialogue.
Responsible airlines have regular checks and fumigate planes for pests.
You get some sleep now, my little angel.
Back at the house, everyone's busy getting the place ready for Claire's inspection, so it's a final wipe here and a candle lit there.
Four more babies are confiscated within a few miles of each other.
At least this shows that there's nothing wrong with Adelaide's maternal instincts.
The water is packed with minerals which are said to have medicinal properties, which can help heal skin disorders like psoriasis and eczema.
They enjoy using old language in new and unpredictable ways to define themselves.
But if he's not getting the chance to speak because stronger people are talking out, he may feel left out, which could affect the team overall.
If your children are too old for kids' club but not old enough to travel on their own, where do you go so you can all enjoy yourselves?
Regime change was always part of the policy, but never avowed, and this is one of the extraordinary similarities with Iraq - that in both cases there was a dual objective - the second one being regime change, but the second one was never avowed on either occasion.
When you want some quiet, come with me, you come out to your garden, you've got a gate in your back garden here...
One former Mark Warner nanny told me she was sent kayaking with young children when she made it clear she was not confident in the water.
Zimbabwe was recently added to George Bush's naughty nations list and found itself sharing column inches with North Korea and Iran.
If they wanna to bring a bottle of vodka and turn them into alcoholic cocktails, fine, but you're not having to fork out.
You were dried out because you were dehydrated and that's not healthy, it'd add to your biological age.
It's not an ideal situation being chucked in the deep end, but we've got to turn it round into something.
If you know anybody in your circle that's willing to... You know, do we keep going with no telephones?
My father knew Gigi and Roman Holiday and wondered if she wanted to do a play.
As the day wears on, the sun heats up these desert sands, causing rising air, and that in turn sucks in cold air from the sea, often bringing mists with it.
Yep, just a pity you can't put this much effort into your schoolwork.
If she'd have stayed doing songs like that... She couldn't, as she grew older, anyway, but... the point is that she showed her talent, and an amazing talent it is.
If someone is arrested in possession of drugs like heroin for personal use, they're not automatically charged.
The path brings you down into this area, which is quite a private seating area.
But you know, we're not going backwards, because we're inventing new tools to use... Old techniques are being made easier by the use of new tools.
If you're very successful, you can go and do other things.
The pipeline may seem to be leaving a trail of controversy along its path, but National Grid point out that the majority of landowners gave voluntary consent to it passing through their land.
Other ants are vegetarians, like the termites, and use their jaws to demolish the living grass plants, scissoring up the leaves, sawing through the stems and carrying off the plant piecemeal.
That's an interesting point, because if she stops overspending the arguments stop and the attention stops, so in order to help Adele change I think the two of you are probably going to have to change, if I'm honest with you, and not give in, because as long as Adele knows that if she shouts loud enough she'll get that money then she will continue to do so.
So I thought if we sprayed the whole lamp black and then, after the black had dried, spray it gold, any colour that comes through will be black, so it'll resemble age.
When people heard that Paddy was coming to London, they would say, Paddy's coming, Paddy's coming and there was that air of excitement, because they knew that when he came to London, you were going to hear some of the most sparkling, witty, funny conversation you could find on the face of the earth.
Well, we've just come up here to change his water, and obviously, we've been keeping a close eye on Zak and we've found him in a collapsed condition again.
Change down, goes like a little rocket.
If you're thinking about getting property here, it's still very good value.
We're going to take things much slower.
And you flick the little switch across, via your thumb finger.
Is it your job that you want to change?
Without the stimulus of either vodka or caviar, I'm hoping for some dialectical debate as we ask, Are we witnessing the return of the Russian Bear?
He is a little boy so we're gonna get him a couple of girlfriends.
He went to the manager and said, Your juvenile didn't turn up, then?
Nothing's out of place downstairs and, so far, I've found no evidence of children - no toys, nothing.
In this film, he and his wife can't get along, because he is Punjabi and she is South Indian.
It comes out of a jar.
First thing I've found are jigsaw puzzles.
The exhibition was housed in a huge glass and iron building in Hyde Park, with items from all over the world.
But nine times out of ten most of them give up their normal job, if you like, and come here full time because the amount of money they make here they can earn a day as opposed to their other jobs for a week.
To escape bombing, the Moores moved to Perry Green, Hertfordshire.
OK. Also, some of those nasal hairs.
You chose the tea-kettle, Georgian in style but made in Sheffield early this century.
burning bright In the forests of the night What immortal hand or eye Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?
It's cold and wet and fairly eerie up here on the moor.
There's over two miles of pathway all the way around here.
And if you see, this lovely exposed stonework is the back of the original hearth, at the back of the fireplace, so this would have been the outside of the building.
Good job I saw him, otherwise he'd have got a nice clout round the ear.
They're worried that we'll leave their toys behind or whether we'll take the cat and the fish, whether we'll need to take our bath with us or the toilet.
Christian, do you think they have spotted it doesn't have a third bedroom?
To our modern ears, there's nothing remarkable about electronic music.
But, I also want it to stay in while I'm eating it so I'm going to have to put my thinking cap on and just think about how to structure the burger, a bit like building a house.
She's only allowed near the jar when it's empty.
I hope I get a job straight away, so I don't go back to the same habits - just going to sleep the early hours of the morning and waking up late afternoon.
Don't be fooled by the little old nun act.
You've got that look on your face, James, which makes me think that as that other one was worth three hundred fifty, If I saw this coming up in an auction, Angela, I would expect to have to pay Ha!
We've got some cattle over on North Hill behind me, and we've got some sheep on British Camp, and certainly in those two areas we've made a start.
If so much art in enclosed spaces brings you out in a rash, then you can spare yourself the pain by seeing some of Peter Paul's masterpieces which hang inside the beautiful cathedral If even that's too much culture, then come outside, glance at the cathedral over your shoulder and head two streets that way to the flea market, which every Friday is awash with bargains, particularly if you're good at bargaining in Flemish.
I mean, this whole death thing - I think I have to make the argument that it's genetic, cos my father was just so fascinated with it.
And there's a special ten year old rage at being out when you're sure you should still be in.
I can speak English, lord, as well as you, for I was trained up in the English court where, being but young, I framed to the harp many an English ditty lovely well and gave the tongue a helpful ornament - a virtue that was never seen in you!
Who's wrong - the blue car for the hand signal, the black car for pulling out or the silver car for forging through on the inside?
Following the consultation with the paramedics, the injuries to the back were obviously most serious.
One practical solution that I think would work is to get Asian theatre companies to regularly tour rural parts of the country.
The military use pigs because their skin and internal organs are similar to those of a human.
I've got this big thing going at the moment with... You know, Ooh, crude oil - SO bad.
Now that I've got used to it and stuff and I'm getting letters from my mum and hearing from her on phone nights and stuff, so it's better now, I think.
Local historian Kathy Wilson has suggested they meet at the Drury burial plot.
Even when entire streets were destroyed, people managed to keep their sense of humour.
The Princess spotted Rebecca, sitting in her wheelchair, and I just have this memory... of this very tall, very beautiful lady swooping down on my daughter with her arms outstretched.
Sarah's pushing hard to extend the search area, but Tina won't give up on Mill Road.
We will see you next time for more auction property bargains.
I know you need a shower, but you can help Vicky first!
It's a good area, well positioned for both Maidstone and Ashford.
But traditional politics are more orderly, less volatile.
All the guys who work on the sheep ranch get into a truck and drive into the middle of nowhere.
I think I can understand now why Queen Victoria almost chose this over Balmoral.
Our bodies just can't absorb a large molecule like this.
It travels through machines which grind it and crush it up.
It is a huge moment for them so please reflect that in your applause and welcome Emily Hooker.